---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onos_flows Data Source - terraform-provider-onos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the list of flows.
---

# onos_flows (Data Source)

Fetches the list of flows.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all flows.
data "onos_flows" "all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `flows` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows))

<a id="nestedatt--flows"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows`

Read-Only:

- `appid` (String) String identifier for the app that created the flow.
- `bytes` (Number) Number of bytes that have traversed the flow.
- `deviceid` (String) Host or device name.
- `groupid` (Number) Numberic ID of the group.
- `id` (String) Numberic ID of the flow.
- `ispermanent` (Boolean) Bool value of whether the flow is permanent.
- `lastseen` (Number) Last time the flow as used.
- `life` (Number) Numberic life of the flow.
- `livetype` (String) Live type of the flow.
- `packets` (Number) Number of packets that have traversed the flow.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the flow.
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector information flor the flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows--selector))
- `state` (String) State of the flow.
- `tableid` (Number) Table ID of the flow.
- `tablename` (String) Table Name of the flow.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout of the flow.
- `treatment` (Attributes) Treatment details for the flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows--treatment))

<a id="nestedatt--flows--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows.selector`

Read-Only:

- `criteria` (Attributes List) Criteria the flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows--selector--criteria))

<a id="nestedatt--flows--selector--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows.selector.criteria`

Read-Only:

- `ethtype` (String) Ethernet type of the flow.
- `mac` (String) Mac associated with the flow.
- `port` (Number) Port for the flow.
- `type` (String) Type of flow.



<a id="nestedatt--flows--treatment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows.treatment`

Read-Only:

- `cleardeferred` (Boolean) Bool value for Clear Deferred.
- `deferred` (Attributes List) Deferred information for the flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows--treatment--deferred))
- `instructions` (Attributes List) Instructions for the flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flows--treatment--instructions))

<a id="nestedatt--flows--treatment--deferred"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows.treatment.deferred`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Deferred port value for flow.
- `type` (String) Deferred type value for the flow.


<a id="nestedatt--flows--treatment--instructions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flows.treatment.instructions`

Read-Only:

- `port` (String) Instructions Port for the flow.
- `type` (String) Instructions type for the flow.
